hey guys this power strip 250 4 by 4 on
yesterday just put on some 25 inch ITP
my delight XL tires on the trail buck
and so far I like them they're really
nice hopefully to get some aftermarket
rims eventually but you can see if the
log is just so big and strong 21 in 18
inch lug and you can see that this part
hasn't even hit the ground yet because
it's so so the log a' sub deep and thick
that it doesn't even doesn't even hit so
it's they're still at a the front so of
20 psi in the rears of 22 psi to
properly seek the bead so the beats the
so it's the bead can permanently be
seated so it doesn't pop off at speed
because I just put them on yesterday so
I'm tire shop said to leave them on for
24 hours this way till tomorrow before I
ride and when I let them out to about 70
s I what I run on my king quad 700 with
the 27 inch model I txt ours runs 17 PSI
all around so handling handles great
steers a lot better but of course that's
because there's a lot of air in them and
there's a rougher ride of course because
there's a lot of air in them so I really
won't properly be able to judge how it
rides until I let the air out but uh
so real great tire so far I had a lot of
friends that have these tires and they
recommend them so yeah the one guy that
uh has these my buddy has 1,000 miles on
his and those tires on a radial tires
that's pretty impressive he said they
might need to be replaced pretty soon
but he said they're still going so some
for what I heard there I'm impressed by
him and saw Maddie or yesterday when I
went to test drive a new OE kingquad 750
and my dad wrote it and he said that
power is really great there's a lot of
there was no lag out of the whole power
the out of the whole power is
unbelievable and say I saw them sitting
in the dealer and they gave me a good
price on it and I one of the things
where he couldn't pass up took my stock
trail will assault and I kept them
because we will be running them for
racing on minor 7 kingquad 700 and we're
going to pair them with black or silver
ITP dealt with steel wheels there's are
going to be our race and tire because
they still have a lot of good meat on
them
with 800 some miles on it trebek now has
nine hundred and five miles on it so I
just put these on not even a mile ago
subs and trail was had nine hundred and
five miles on it and they were pretty
tough tough tire I went to quad fest
2008 def way wasn't a weekend and a trip
that I'll never remember hopefully
they'll have it next year because they
canceled it this year so I think it look
the buck looks really good good looking
here or my stock trail wolf tires still
have a good amount of wear on them or
good mount red that's a good amount
there's a split there definitely they
hook up real great great tires I if I do
WOD trail ride and not a lot of mud
ridin they they'd be probably one of the
tires I'd consider about getting again
because they're really really great and
they hope they held up great one through
good mound of mud too so there they are
so that's the trip up with the new 25
inch mud lite exhale tires all right
stay posted I'll see